Bokuto!
All right!
Counterattack!
Nice, nice, Kouhei! Go, go, Kouhei! Do it again!
Eiwa Fukurodani Okay, do it again!
Wait, it's too early for that.
I think things are going pretty well.
That Bokuto guy's not a big deal at all.
It's not like he's gotten blocked yet today,
and it's not like anything else should've set him off.
What's causing this?
Hey, what's wrong?
Cheer up already.
I...
I wanted to play in the main arena too!
Bokuto's weakness number 6... He wants to stand out.
It's way bigger over there, and there are more people.
This isn't fair!
m -132 -24 l 138 -24 138 30 -132 30
Sub arena Sub arena
Clench your fists tight enough to leave marks
Now, go bask in the orange glow
!
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu !
Haikyuu
Sweating harder than ever has led us to the unknown territory of this high stage
The crowd's on their side and our chances are slim, so we could just skip out
But if the fear of getting hurt is keeping your wings in check
You may as well be a stuffed bird
If a person tries to live their life without getting a taste of their dreams and passions
They'll be torn by the heartbreak
But our goosebumps just won't go away
Our very souls are burning bright Beyond our limits
Awaits a land Of thrilling competition
Unleash everything you've got
Winning or losing doesn't even seem to matter
When you're in the zone and everything flows
In glorious slow-motion Now, go all-out!
Karasuno Tsubakihara Episode Twelve: Vivid
Episode Twelve: Vivid Episode Twelve: Vivid
Line up!
Nice match!
You did so good!
Congrats!
Good work!
Tashiro and Kurokawa are here!
You didn't notice?
I didn't notice them for a while either.
Crap, I didn't notice at all.
Karasuno Tsubakihara Thank you very much!
Thank you!
I was way more nervous than I realized.
Fly Fly
Karasuno High School advances to the second round
Damn, you're way bigger up close, Sawamura.
Wait, did I gain weight?!
No, I mean you're bigger in general.
Hello, Kurokawa!
I guess he's an alumnus.
Oh! So he's our seniors' senior!
Hinata! Yamaguchi!
Kageyama and Tsukishima, you guys come over here too.
Let me introduce you.
This is Tashiro, who was the captain when I was a first-year.
And this is Kurokawa, who was our captain when I was a second-year.
Hello!
Hello.
Whoa!
Are they really first-years?
Sadly.
We should have some lunchboxes, so go ask Shimizu about them and hand them out to everyone.
Right!
Who are that first-year setter and that tiny middle blocker?
Kageyama, the setter, is an amazing kid that's also a candidate for the All-Japan team.
The tiny one... Er, I don't know what to say.
He's an energetic brat.
An athletic monster.
What about when he was in junior high?
He was totally an unknown.
And sometimes, he's like a completely unknown force,
I guess you'd say.
He picked a fight with Shiratorizawa's Ushiwaka.
Seriously?! With the Ushiwaka?!
An unknown force...
I'm pretty sure that's what the other schools think of Karasuno right now.
Make sure you win the next match too.
Right!
I wanted to be the one who told them to win.
My bad.
Nekoma Kiyokawa
Yeah!
They're good.
But I mean, there's basically no team here who doesn't have someone amazing.
Nice receive!
Oh man, this is rough.
It's exhausting.
You're empathizing way too much with Kiyokawa's ace.
Those are some nice receives.
Out!
It was!
There was nowhere he could go with that.
I touched it!
Fukunaga!
Nekoma Kiyokawa All right!
Connect Nekoma High School advances to second round
Nekoma High School advances to second round
Sarukawa Tech Terunojou Tsubakihara
Karasuno Inarizaki
We have a little time after we eat, so you guys can go shopping if you want.
I'm gonna go buy a "The Way of the Ace" shirt!
Wait, Hinata! I'll go with you!
That's Karasuno's setter.
Man, he looks intense.
He sure projects an intimidating aura.
I need to go check out the new T-shirts too.
Maybe I'll buy a T-shirt to wear during practice too.
Could I get that shirt in small, please?
The Way of the Ace The Way of the Ace
Number one: your back should be an inspiration to your teammates
Number two: smash every wall in your way
Number three: every ball shall be spiked I...
I wanted to play in the main arena too!
The main arena's bigger!
We let our guard down.
Last year at the tournament, we played in the 8th match of the day,
and the match before us was running longer than scheduled, so we started after 7 PM.
There were barely any players or audience left.
It was insanely hard to keep Bokuto motivated!
It's sorta cold.
But we're playing in the middle of the day this time, so we thought he'd be okay!
Why are you like this?
Why do you let this crap bother you?
Not to mention, you knew this would happen since yesterday!
Are you really going to let the court decide how you play?
Well, whatever.
He'll get into it eventually.
This happens all the time.
Whatever.
It's not like Bokuto's always on point anyway.
You say the best things.
Say more!
Bokuto sure loses motivation fast.
I mean, he's actually being serious right now.
Then again, I don't think Bokuto could understand not being able to do your best due to nerves or pressure.
He'll be fine.
Because we're the better team.
Eiwa Fukurodani
Fukurodani Academy is slowly catching up!
Though their ace, Bokuto Koutarou, hasn't gotten many hits through yet.
Eiwa High School was the most cautious about Bokuto,
so they may be a bit confused right now.
Konoha!
Right!
It's a dump!
Saru!
Nice spike!
Yeah!
Bokuto's starting to get restless.
Any second now...
Bokuto.
This is basically center court.
The main arena is definitely bigger and has more people,
but only about a quarter of those people would actually be watching you.
However, the only ones competing here are us.
Everyone in here is watching you.
Uh, the number of people watching in the same in either case...
Just one more push.
And...
your student has come to see you too!
Hey, he saw us.
Bokuto!
The Way of the Ace The Way of the Ace
Number one: your back should be an inspiration to your teammates
Number two: smash every wall in your way
Number three: every ball shall be spiked
To be honest, I don't exactly know how Bokuto works yet.
Though this may look silly to most, Sorry, get it!
this is all very important to him.
Bokuto!
Left! Left!
Three blockers!
And there it is! Straight spike!
That shot was right on the line!
It's because we're in the sub arena... Bokuto!
Nice spike!
...that the crowd is closer, and we can hear their voices clearly.
Good job, Bokuto!
Bokuto!
Hey, hey, hey!
Eiwa Fukurodani
We're lucky that the short kid from Karasuno showed up at the perfect time.
I'm surprised you found him.
Yeah.
But even if Hinata didn't show up, we just needed to make an opportunity.
Akaashi, you know you can ignore Bokuto sometimes.
Though we might be in trouble if he doesn't get back in his rhythm at times.
I'm only able to draw out a small part of Bokuto's abilities.
And watching Bokuto when he's on top of his game is really satisfying.
Why not just tell him that to his face?
No, no! Then he'll never shut up!
Hey, you guys!
One Ball, Heart, and Soul One Ball, Heart, and Soul
Fukurodani Academy advances to second round
You're right! The sub arena's the best!
Fukurodani is so good.
Right?
Could I get that in small?
Haikyuu!!
Wait, what?
Do you know him, Hinata?
No...
I don't.
I don't know him at all,
but if I look away, I lose!
Oh, Hoshiumi. Hi.
Oh, hey, Kageyama.
How'd your match go?
We won.
Oh, congrats.
Thanks.
Do you know him, Kageyama?
We were at the youth camp together.
This is Hoshiumi.
Youth camp!
So they're on your team.
Yep.
What position do you play?
Middle blocker.
How tall are you?
A hundred and sixty...
five cm!
He added a centimeter.
What's your running vertical?
333 cm!
I win!
Kourai, what are you doing?
The match before ours is almost over.
Well, see ya, Kageyama.
Sure.
Make sure I don't get yelled at too.
m 132 -181.5 l 126 186 -106.5 187.5 -117 105 -115.5 55.5 -93 -196.5 85.5 -205.5
He who laughs in the face of grit will be made to cry by grit.
I didn't want the "Grit and Laughter" T-shirt to sell out.
Don't worry.
I'm pretty sure it's not that in demand.
Why wouldn't it be?!
Welcome back. Where's Mr. Ukai?
Takatani First Takatani First Sentoku
Sentoku Nobusawa Girls'
Nobusawa Girls'
Kamomedai Kamomedai Sannomiya Tech
Sannomiya Tech Chikuida Chikuida
Matsuyama West Business Yukawa Girls'
Yukawa Girls'
Yamato Girls'
He's still talking to some of the previous Coach Ukai's acquaintances.
How have the matches been?
That number five guy from Kamomedai is really amazing.
Oh, here he is.
Hoshiumi Kourai. 169 cm.
Left, left!
Whoa! He hit that above the block!
He's supposed to be amazing, right?
Was he in one of the magazines?
Nah. Apparently, he absolutely hates interviews.
Really? I'd be super excited to even do an interview for the school paper.
Where are you going?
I want to watch from closer!
Kourai!
Shut down! Look at that block!
That was Hoshiumi again, wasn't it?
Indeed, it was.
Again?
Wow...
Dang, he can do anything.
Who the heck is their number five?
Service ace!
Hoshiumi does it again!
He can't be stopped!
The one-man army is on a roll!
He truly is... a Little Giant!
Wow...
Hinata's never faltered against two-meter-tall opponents,
but I wonder if it's more shocking for him to see someone in a similar situation who surpasses him.
That just popped up in my head.
Kamomedai Chikuida
Hoshiumi!
You were amazing out there! Congratulations!
Thank you.
Your opponents had an average height of over 180 cm!
They were all way taller than you!
How did that make you feel?
Uh-oh. Not good.
Huh?
Kourai hates it when someone mentions how small he is or says, "Even though you're so tiny..."
For as long as I can remember, whenever he made a play way better than the others,
he'd always get told, "You're so amazing even though you're so small!"
So he'd just say, "I'm just amazing, period."
Compared to the rest of the world, being over 180 cm isn't really that big of a deal.
Huh? The world?
Are you paying attention to me because I'm small?
Uh... U-Um...
But the thing Kourai hates the most is to be told, "You lost because you're so small."
Everyone thinks that being small is more detrimental than it actually is.
Even though being smaller puts you at a disadvantage in volleyball,
it doesn't make you completely helpless!
Okay, we're done.
Sorry about that.
He likes to rant.
What?!
She was trying to give you an honest compliment.
You said yourself that your height puts you at a disadvantage.
Of course it means you're amazing if you can still play this well, then.
You're too self-conscious.
Could you not be so blunt about it?!
Go on.
Apologize to the nice lady.
I'm sorry.
It's fine...
Oh, he's back.
Hinata, Mr. Ukai's back, so we're taking off.
I'm...
so happy I made it here!
Guess I was worried for nothing.
Everyone's just so...
I can learn a lot from you.
You all need to act more freaked out!
Hey there, now...
Looks like we've got us some country bumpkin crows.
Good for you.
You came all this way and you don't have to go back immediately.
We didn't travel that far.
Well, try to survive tomorrow too.
Right back at you.
As soon as both Kuroo and Sawamura turned around, they stopped smiling.
I was reminded just how difficult it was going to be...
to survive day two.
Spring tournament day one: 40 teams eliminated
So what if the pressure's on?
I don't need any help from on high
So what if I'm an egotist?
I just want to win, I don't have a reason why
I'll take on every challenge
I'll throw off any shadows of doubt
This is my chance to overcome my limits
I've gone all-out Conquered my fears
Turned them into conviction
Now fly high, higher, higher, to the top
Being so torn at the taste of defeat
Shed the tears that let our potential flower
If you try to give up, I'll just laugh it off
I don't know the meaning of the phrase
If you say it's too hard, I'll just laugh it off
Huh?
Niiyama Girls' High School
They're from Niiyama Girls'.
So they're at the hotel next door.
That difference, though...
They're seeded, right?
I mean, they won the interhigh.
Maybe they just finished their practice.
They really are royalty.
And their food must be...
a luxury all-you-can-eat buffet!
But I love how crispy they fry up all the salmon here!
And I really like their rolled omelets.
Nothing beats the unlimited refills on the rice!
True!
Ryuu!
I heard that Karasuno won.
Congrats!
Th-Thanks.
Um... So...
Let's both do our best tomorrow!
Y-Yeah...
Okay, see you later!
Yeah...
You've definitely got a chance.
Damn you!
I was trying not to notice!
I mean, it's not even just a chance.
I thought this at the opening ceremony, but I'm pretty sure she likes you.
Stop!
I... have a chance?
Episode Thirteen: Day Two Episode Thirteen: Day Two
Episode Thirteen: Day Two Next time: "Day Two."